At this point we know two values for the display.
We know that there is going to be a display block as well as display in line.
What about we cover the inline block just to see how this is gonna work.
Now I'm gonna show you.
This would link elements who are by default obviously in line but just please understand you can do
this with any element.
Basically you can set this to inline block.
Now just like to show the characteristics of inline block.
So let's start by simple Hello World.
And again like I said we're all gonna be choosing some kind of in line element.
In my case I just find the link to be fastest.
That's right.
And then there's gonna be value of link within the actual link.
And let's copy and paste that I don't know four times.
These are gonna be my heading one with these links.
Now I was so like I said we would like to cover in line but we already know that there is gonna be an
issue.
If I'm gonna be styling the links and let's say font size is gonna be 60 pixels then let's maybe some
background of red.
This is gonna be a good option.
Then also we have an option of adding the margin.
Now the moment of we're gonna be adding the margin there is gonna be a kicker.
If we're gonna add 10 pixels notice what's gonna happen.
The margin is gonna be only applied again left and the right because for now the browser is ignoring
because it's looking at it and saying Hey listen buddy you're in line home and I don't care whether
you're adding the margin which in your case you're adding 10 pixels all around I'm just adding this
left and right because you are displayed in line.
So your question would be does that mean that each and every element if I won that margin does it have
to be.
BLOCK So let's say do I have to do like this display and block.
Well the answer would be very simple no you don't have to.
Because in your case you would be like I don't want this to be spreading all across.
I just want them all in one line but then I would like to add still some margin.
So how do we do that.
Well I think I already answered by saying that we are going to be looking at inline block and we just
write inline block.
So what's happening within line block and let me come this out.
And then you will see that right now we don't have the margin.
Notice how they moved.
And if I'm going to have inline block now more and if I'm going to have more margin just to show you
then I obviously this is gonna be 30 pixels right now because the more margin we're going to add and
let's say 600 or you know let's do 60.
Now we're gonna have 60 pixels margin and if you would want your margin top to bottom margin to be respected
you.
And if you don't want it to be display block.
So taking the full line you have an option of using the inline block.
And again you can use this only element.
I just showed you with the link.